{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Deadline: 
\f1\b0 December 17, 2021 at 11:59 pm\

\f0\b Deliverables:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Jupyter Notebook: Filename should be FIRSTNAME-LASTNAME.ipynb\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Writeup (in pdf): Filename should be FIRSTNAME-LASTNAME.pdf\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Put the above documents in a zipped folder and name as \'a0FIRSTNAME-LASTNAME-Final.zip\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Submit FIRSTNAME-LASTNAME-Final.zip to the github repo by sending a pull request to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/shionguha/inf1340-programmingfordatascience-fa21/tree/main/mid-term-submissions"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://github.com/shionguha/inf1340-programmingfordatascience-fa21/tree/main/final-submissions}}\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Pull requests need to be complete with all information and need to the requested folder above. We will deduct you a point if this is not adhered to. Proper github etiquette is essential in data science. Make sure you practice and confirm with Rohith beforehand.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Expectations for Finals:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You can update or re-clean UN dataset using tidy data principles. This is not mandatory but you can choose to do so if you feel like this is going to enhance your Exploratory Data Analysis.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 The main purpose of the final submission is in conducting Exploratory Data Analysis using Data Visualization methods. You are expected to write code using a variety of visualization methods from different perspectives in order to create a story for the dataset. Again, there is no perfect answer for this - you have been given all the skills and are expected to draw up on said skills, your creativity and ingenuity. Some prompting questions (not exhaustive) that might be interesting to think about:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What is the main purpose of the dataset?\
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What are the major and minor trends that are prevalent in the dataset?\
\ls2\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What broader implications do these trends have with respect to the context in which the data was collected?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Write up:
\f1\b0  This is the final writeup for a term long project and you are expected to write vociferously about your findings as is the norm in any data science project. All write ups should have the following constituent parts:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Introduction: 
\f1\b0 Introduces the project, your overall thoughts about how you tackled said project.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Methods and Results: 
\f1\b0 The meat of this writeup. Include your figures/data visualizations here as well as re-cleaning strategies (if you did that) here. A good strategy is to introduce a figure/visualization/table and then write about what it means.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Implications:
\f1\b0  This is where the story goes. What story did you concoct? What are the broader worldly implications from your story? Convince me that your story is effective given the analysis that you did.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Conclusion:
\f1\b0  Summarize everything that you did here with main takeaways for the reader.\
\ls2\ilvl1
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 References:
\f1\b0  All external references go here. Cite code, libraries and literature. Use ACM or APA style.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 There are no page limits but from the above, your writeup should be pretty substantial. A good rule of thumb is a probably around 8-10 single spaced pages. If you are interested in a particular format, the ACM style is useful but not mandatory: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.acm.org/publications/authors/submissions"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://www.acm.org/publications/authors/submissions}}\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f4 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
}